feat: add getting started (#542)
axone-protocol/docs: docs/getting-started/quickstart-guides/describe-resource.mdx

## Step 2: Create the credentials

Find the credential templates you need in the [Ontology documentation](./ontology/schemas) according to the nature of the resource you describe.

> For the dataset, instantiate the template [credential-dataset-description](https://github.com/okp4/ontology/blob/main/src/example/dataset/crime-dataset-description.jsonld).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the dataset, instantiate the template [credential-dataset-description](https://github.com/axone-protocol/ontology/blob/main/src/example/dataset/crime-dataset-description.jsonld).  
```
